---
title: Installation
description: 
published: true
date: 2024-05-19T15:36:18.798Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2022-03-13T13:54:39.438Z
---

# Installation

> In Google Assistant, I have created automatic installer for RaspberryPi and Linux Debian machines.
> Auto install script will propose to install needed dependencies with compatible gcc version.
{.is-info}


> For OSX machines, auto install script is not yet implented.
> So, manuel installation is nedeed and no help will be given for this
{.is-warning}


## Pre-requirements:
 * MagicMirror v2.27.0 and more
 * [MagicMirror](https://docs.magicmirror.builders/) must NOT be installed with sudo command
 * MagicMirror must be installed according to the magicmirror website (and NOT with any other internet tutorial!)

## Requirements:
 * OS: 
     * Raspbian 11/12 (Bullseye or Bookworm -- 32-bit Version)
     * Raspbian 12 x64 (Bookworm -- 64-bit Version) is under-testing
 * RPI 3b+ or more 
 * Node: > v18.x.x
 * HD screen (1920x180) or more

> **You can't use server mode of MagicMirror² with this module**
>
> `Bullseye` x64 OS is not recommanded with Raspberry Pi.
> This module is NOT comptatible with Microsoft Windows.
{.is-warning}


## Auto install (for RaspberryPi or Debian Linux machines only)
```sh
cd ~/MagicMirror/modules
git clone https://github.com/bugsounet/MMM-GoogleAssistant

cd MMM-GoogleAssistant
npm install
```
>  No other `npm` commands (e.g. npm audit fix) are needed after installation ! (they can break package dependencies)
{.is-danger}

### Installation Error
> npm ERR! code ELIFECYCLE
npm ERR! errno 255
npm ERR! MMM-GoogleAssistant@ preinstall: `installer/preinstall.sh`
npm ERR! Exit status 255
{.is-danger}

 * Error 255

> error 255 is an error voluntarily generated by MMM-GoogleAssistant because the installation requirements are not resolved.
{.is-warning}


Of course, the reason will be given in red above